c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe
c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Form1.resources
c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.read.1.tlog
c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.write.1.tlog
c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.exe
c:\users\hw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
C:\Users\HW\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe.config
C:\Users\HW\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\HW\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\HW\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel.dll
C:\Users\HW\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\office.dll
C:\Users\HW\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Vbe.Interop.dll
C:\Users\HW\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel.xml
C:\Users\HW\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\office.xml
C:\Users\HW\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.TagParam.resources
C:\Users\HW\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.DeviceParam.resources
C:\Users\HW\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.GroupParam.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe.config
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.exe
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel.dll
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\office.dll
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Vbe.Interop.dll
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel.xml
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\office.xml
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.AlarmForm.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.AlarmParam.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.DeviceParam.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.DeviceSet.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Form1.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.RecipeGroupSet.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.RecipeSet.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.RouteParam.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.RouteSet.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.ScaleParam.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.TagParam.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.DriverSet.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.GroupParam.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.read.1.tlog
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
D:\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.write.1.tlog
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe.config
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.exe
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.AlarmForm.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.AlarmParam.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Form1.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.RegisterSet.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.ScaleParam.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.TagParam.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.DriverSet.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.GroupParam.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Project\牧羊上位机\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe.config
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.exe
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.AlarmForm.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.AlarmParam.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Form1.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.RegisterSet.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.ScaleParam.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.TagParam.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.DriverSet.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.GroupParam.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Project\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe.config
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.exe
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.exe
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\bin\Debug\TagConfig.pdb
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.AlarmForm.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.AlarmParam.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Form1.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.RegisterSet.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.ScaleParam.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.TagParam.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.DriverSet.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.GroupParam.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\SCADA\TagConfig\TagConfig\obj\x86\Debug\TagConfig.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
